so to hide your EA from your Broker you must to know how the broker truck ur EA .

The Ea is turned on with the platform on your computer , so How traced by the company, dealing with thousands or tens of thousands of EA at the same time .

The Broker do not know what inside the Expert Adviso you use or what is the code inside it , (This is scientifically impossible because the Expert Advisor works only through the Client Terminal) .

The fact is that Expert Advisor is not only related to Broker only through the three orders ( It orders for opening or closing transactions or change any open order ) 

Other than these three types of commands are run on a platform of the trader and the broker not know any thing about them . ( like line , print on chart , alarets ) .

So the broker only knows the Expert Advisor by this these commands . 

Certainly, the successful Expert Advisor opens many successful deals and also closed them in a successful way . 

When an observer noted the huge success of this EA he well start to monitor such deals to start or stop them or disable them .
and This is done through monitoring a comment (Comment) folded in such order , ( and it is the comment when the EA send new Deals ) .

This process is called (Comment Tracing)

This means that each deal comes to the server by this comment they will play in it immediately ..

some One may say there is an easier solution is to be canceled informed comment in the property development deals in the Expert Advisor .
Unfortunately, this solution is useless because the deal will have a default value is Empty-Value , Though the monitoring of transactions in this highly successful value .. Will be rejected and disable all transactions with this value of the Empty-Value from your EA in your account with them .

So what is the solution to this dilemma .. Indeed, the solution is fairly simple idea .. The problem I had already guided to the solution and has already succeeded with me and jumped on this issue

simple i add code to my ea to generation of new random value of informed comment for each new deal is Expert Advisor opened .. Masibtal a tracking process for EA on the broker .. And the broker will stand idly . 

has provided my own Expert Advisor a wardrobe from the letters and words that generates a random combination of them with each new deal by the EA .
and i call this way the maze .. It succeeded with me already overcome this problem . 

Next I well give you the code you have to but it inside your EA to hide it from your broker succeefully .

Best Regards